namaste in this episode I'm going to
discuss the significance of this Sun Sun
is the parent of the entire solar system
it is the father of all the stars it is
the king of all the planets in
dictionary terms Sun is considered as a
star and not a planet in Vedic Astrology
Sun is considered as a planet in Hindu
mythology the sunless ever moving in a
chariot drawn by seven horses and
scientifically if we split the sunrays
it will give you seven colors Sun
exactly takes one year to go around the
ecliptic Sun moves in direct motion
always it never retro gates retro
kitchen is a backward movement of planet
that is apparent backward movement of a
planet in the zodiac Sun wants the sign
Leo and it gets exalted in the sign
Taurus exactly in the 10 degrees of
Taurus and it gets debilitated that has
becomes powerless in the sign Libra
exactly in the tenth degree of Libra as
for America strategy Sun represents the
father to anybody
son gives the tendency of determination
confidence faith hope and honesty son
nazar constructive and creative planet
son rules over consciousness and it
gives the individuality it gives the
life force and self lit it gives the
dynamism if in the horoscope
your son is placed in a weak position
those persons will lack dynamism self
will and we'll have inferiority complex
fear of anything so to overcome all this
they have to empower their son in the
horoscope rituals - Sun like fire
rituals
poojas - son will help them worshipping
Sanjay entre daily morning by showing
instant state will help them throughout
the day and the managing directors
directors in a corporate sector who come
across problems can have this and entra
in their room and worship it when they
begin their work born in the moon sign
Leo or having son in the ascendant they
can also worship this son intra
now coming to the physical body Sun
governs the heart the left eye in women
and the right eye in men it controls the
splint throat vision people who have
ailments in all these areas can get rid
of these elements by doing rituals to
the Sun or Lord Shiva
Lord Shiva is the overlord for son the
language for son is Sanskrit so during
the rituals mantras should be told in
Sanskrit so the mantra for the son while
using the entra will be on Surya anima
at least 18 times a day son gives the
power of self acquisition and
individuality that is people who have
son strong in the horoscope will earn
their own livelihood and attain
prosperity earned or after the age of 35
so they do not depend upon the paternal
properties for those people who know
that son is very strong in their
horoscope I like to give two tips nama
oneness they should not send messengers
to seek help from others inspect they
have to go themselves and ask for the
help and definitely they will be favored
because the positive radiation of the
Sun will get the opener to grant it
number two is managing directors
directors managers supervisors who have
Sun in the chart strong
should not war poster employees because
these people are very cheerful and frank
and they do not recognize the evil
activities that would be performed at
either employees or the subordinates
many remedies to enhance the power of
Sun in your horoscope namaste